We should
We should be able
We should be able to
We should be able to.
Practice
Practice
Implement
Implementations
Implementations of
Implementations of
See, the
See, the thing is
See, the thing is,
There are
There are various
There are various.
Meet
Meetings, gate
Meetings, gateways
Meetings, gateways, check
Meetings, gateways, checkpoints
Meetings, gateways, checkpoints.
Concer
Concerns,
Concerns, issues
Concerns, issues
Concerns, issues.
Barriers
Barriers people
Barriers that people have
Barriers that people have.
Look at it this
Look at it this way
Look at it this way
Look at it this way. I
Look at it this way. IBM
Look at it this way. IBM is a large
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corpo
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation,
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation, IBM
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation, IBM goes out to
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation, IBM goes out to its client
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation, IBM goes out to its clients, it
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation, IBM goes out to its clients, it says, Hey
Look at it this way. IBM is a large corporation, IBM goes out to its clients, it says, hey,
We've
We've got
We've got something to
We've got something to sell you
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um as
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is uh
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you know, a bunch of
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you know, a bunch of soft
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you know, a bunch of software wra
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you know, a bunch of software wrapped up
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you know, a bunch of software wrapped up nicely
We've got something to sell you. Maybe it's a genti AI maybe it's um asset which is, uh, you know, a bunch of software wrapped up nicely.
And
And
And uh
And uh,
A lot of these
A lot of these bids
A lot of these bids are
A lot of these bids are highly
A lot of these bids are highly competit
A lot of these bids are highly competitive
A lot of these bids are highly competitive.
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So, you
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So, you know,
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So, you know, you wouldn't
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So, you know, you wouldn't want
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So, you know, you wouldn't want um
A lot of these bids are highly competitive. So, you know, you wouldn't want, um,
And they're not
And they're not just going to give
And they're not just going to give the bid to I
And they're not just going to give the bid to IBM.
Uh,
Uh, they have
Uh, they have to
Uh, they have to, they have to
Uh, they have to, they have to pitch for
Uh, they have to, they have to pitch for it.
Now
Now
Now, when
Now, when the bi
Now, when the bid team
Now, when the bid team
Now, when the bid team at IB
Now, when the bid team at IBM
Now, when the bid team at IBM goes
Now, when the bid team at IBM goes to
Now, when the bid team at IBM goes to make
Now, when the bid team at IBM goes to make a pitch
Now, when the bid team at IBM goes to make a pitch.
They
They uh
They uh
They uh they might
They uh they might get bla
They uh they might get blasted with
They uh they might get blasted with questions
They uh they might get blasted with questions that
They uh they might get blasted with questions that
That
That, uh
That, uh, you
That, uh, you know.
That they don'
That they don't expect
That they don't expect.
Something
Something coming out of
Something coming out of left field
Something coming out of left field. The
Something coming out of left field. The idea
Something coming out of left field. The idea would
Something coming out of left field. The idea would be
Something coming out of left field. The idea would be to
Something coming out of left field. The idea would be to use a
Something coming out of left field. The idea would be to use agentic A
Something coming out of left field. The idea would be to use agentic AI.
To
To
To create
To create
To create.
way to
way to practice
way to practice.
Prac
Practice
Practice doing your
Practice doing your bids
Practice doing your bids
Practice doing your bids.
Practice doing your bids. So
Practice doing your bids. So
Practice doing your bids. So,
Maybe
Maybe we have some
Maybe we have some information
Maybe we have some information
Maybe we have some information about
Maybe we have some information about
The people
The people who
The people who are going
The people who are going to be
The people who are going to be
Doing the bi
Doing the bids
Doing the bids,
Doing the bids, uh
Doing the bids, uh, people who are
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be judging
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be judging I
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be judging IBM's
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be judging IBM's propos
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be judging IBM's proposal
Doing the bids, uh, people who are going to be judging IBM's proposal.
Maybe
Maybe.
They have
They have
Linked
LinkedIn
LinkedIn profi
LinkedIn profiles
LinkedIn profiles or other
LinkedIn profiles or other public
LinkedIn profiles or other public information
LinkedIn profiles or other public information they've publish
LinkedIn profiles or other public information they've published art
LinkedIn profiles or other public information they've published articles
LinkedIn profiles or other public information they've published articles
LinkedIn profiles or other public information they've published articles.
A lot you
A lot you could find
A lot you could find just from their
A lot you could find just from their job ti
A lot you could find just from their job title
A lot you could find just from their job title.
A lot you could find just from their job title. What kind
A lot you could find just from their job title. What kinds of questions
A lot you could find just from their job title. What kinds of questions are they
A lot you could find just from their job title. What kinds of questions are they gonna ask
A lot you could find just from their job title. What kinds of questions are they gonna ask?
You could
You could
You could
Train
Train
Train or
Train or
Prompt engine
Prompt engineer
Prompt engineer
Prompt engineer, a
Prompt engineer, a
AI
AI agent
AI agent
AI agent to
AI agent to
AI agent to pretend
AI agent to pretend to be
AI agent to pretend to be
That person
that person on
that person on the pro
that person on the proposal committee
that person on the proposal committee.
Maybe
Maybe we've
Maybe we've bid with
Maybe we've bid with
Maybe we've bid with these
Maybe we've bid with these kinds
Maybe we've bid with these kinds of
Maybe we've bid with these kinds of
May
Maybe we bid
Maybe we bid these kinds of
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar pro
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of some of
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of some of the
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of some of the questions
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of some of the questions that
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of some of the questions that may have been
Maybe we bid these kinds of proposals before or similar proposals and have a record of some of the questions that may have been asked.
So
So,
That could be
That could be done
That could be done.
On a text
On a text basis
On a text basis
On a text basis,
On a text basis, fairly simply
On a text basis, fairly simply
On a text basis, fairly simply, the
On a text basis, fairly simply, the next step
On a text basis, fairly simply, the next step would be
On a text basis, fairly simply, the next step would be to
On a text basis, fairly simply, the next step would be to
Make
Make it
Make it
Voice
Voice to text
Voice to text,
Voice to text, speech
Voice to text, speech to text
Voice to text, speech to text
Voice to text, speech to text,
Voice to text, speech to text, have
Voice to text, speech to text, have
An AI
An AI agent
An AI agent actually
An AI agent actually
An AI agent actually
pretend
pretend to
pretend to
pretend to be the
pretend to be the person
pretend to be the person in
pretend to be the person in the
pretend to be the person in the, be the
pretend to be the person in the, be the client
pretend to be the person in the, be the client in
pretend to be the person in the, be the client in the
Big propo
Big proposal
Big proposal.
Demo
Demo
And
And
And have
And have them ask
And have them ask
And have them ask different kind
And have them ask different kinds of questions
And have them ask different kinds of questions
And have them ask different kinds of questions
And have them ask different kinds of questions so that you could
And have them ask different kinds of questions so that you could practice
And have them ask different kinds of questions so that you could practice actually
And have them ask different kinds of questions so that you could practice actually respond
And have them ask different kinds of questions so that you could practice actually responding.
And
And you
And you could
And you could
Make
Make them,
Make them, you know, more
Make them, you know, more or less
Make them, you know, more or less content
Make them, you know, more or less contentious
Make them, you know, more or less contentious based
Make them, you know, more or less contentious based on
Make them, you know, more or less contentious based on
You know,
You know, how,
You know, how, what you want to
You know, how, what you want to practice
You know, how, what you want to practice based
You know, how, what you want to practice based on
You know, how, what you want to practice based on
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how content
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the thing might
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the thing might be
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the thing might, the actual pro
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the thing might, the actual proposal might
You know, how, what you want to practice based on how contentious you think the thing might, the actual proposal might be.
